= tracking_number

Identifies valid tracking numbers and the service they're associated with.

t = TrackingNumber.new("MYSTERY_TRACKING_NUMBER")
t.valid? #=> false
t.carrier #=> :unknown

t = TrackingNumber.new("1Z879E930346834440")
t.valid? #=> true
t.carrier #=> :ups

Also can take a block of text and find all the valid tracking numbers within it

TrackingNumber.search("Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, 1Z879E930346834440 nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute 9611020987654312345672 dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.")

#=> [TrackingNumber, TrackingNumber]

== Contributing to tracking_number

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jeff Keen. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

